More documentation fixes/rewrites (#201)
dappnode/DAppNodeDocs: docs/user/faq/general.md

---
title: General Questions
---
<details>

>   <summary>What is the purpose of the Dappnode?</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <summary>What is the purpose of Dappnode?</summary>
```

  <div>

>     <div>The main purpose or mission of Dappnode is to make it easy for everyone to participate in decentralized networks. Furthermore, Dappnode aims to increase the decentralization of blockchain infrastructure.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <div>The main purpose or mission of Dappnode is to make it easy for everyone to participate in decentralized networks and the burgeoning Web3 Ecosystem. Furthermore, Dappnode aims to increase the decentralization of blockchains and other Web3 infrastructure.</div>
```

>     <div>The main purpose or mission of Dappnode is to make it easy for everyone to participate in decentralized networks and the burgeoning Web3 Ecosystem. Furthermore, Dappnode aims to increase the decentralization of blockchains and other Web3 infrastructure.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <div>The main purpose or mission of Dappnode is to make it as easy as possible for everyone, even those with limited technical skills, to participate in decentralized networks and the burgeoning Web3 ecosystem. Furthermore, Dappnode aims to increase the decentralization of blockchains and other Web3 infrastructure by lowering the technical barriers of entry to this growing and exciting ecosystem.</div>
```

    <br/>
  </div>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>What can I do with Dappnode?</summary>
  <div>

>     <div>The Dappnode platform lets you run nodes and applications interfacing with all different kinds of blockchains like Bitcoin, Ethereum, Gnosis Chain and many more in a easy and user-friendly way. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <div>The Dappnode platform lets you run nodes and applications interfacing with all different kinds of Web3 projects including blockchains like Bitcoin, Ethereum, Gnosis Chain and many more in an easy and user-friendly way. 
```

    <br/> <br/>

>     Furthermore, you can run validators or staking nodes in networks like Ethereum, Gnosis Chain, Avalanche and more to come.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Furthermore, you can earn passive income by running validators securing a blockchain or staking nodes in networks like Ethereum, Gnosis Chain, Avalanche and more to come.  Other Web3 features you can participate in to generate passive income is to share disk space on the StorJ network, or to share some of your bandwidth for the decentralized VPN provider Mysterium.  Our core developers and community of builders are constantly adding integrations for other Web3 projects.
```

</div>
  </div>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>What hardware do I need to run a Dappnode?</summary>
  <div>
    <div>

>   You can run the Dappnode platform on various machines ranging from low-end hardware (such as old laptops) to high-end hardware (such as high performance servers).

Reviewer: old docs used to specifically say never on a laptop because if it gets closed its off, and we should not reccomend using old hardware anymore, requirements are rising quickly and the merge exposed a lot of deficencies mainly due to us not updating the recommended and minimum specs and many just doing the minimum thinking its ok and then asking the devs why they cant start dappnode on a 5 year old NUC with 8gb RAM and an HDD

  <br /><br />
  The resources you need will depend on how many and which kind packages you are going to run.
  <br /><br />
  The most <b>basic</b> hardware requirements you should meet are:
  <ul>
    <li>A Wired Ethernet Connection</li>

>     <li>An SSD or faster (Size depends on amount of chains and packages - a good target is at least 500GB)</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <li>A SSD or faster (NVMe) (Size depends on amount of chains and packages - a good target is at least 1 TB)</li>
```

>     <li>8GB of RAM</li>

Reviewer: this is the bare minimum and it really only applies to like Pi users, I think 16GB should be the new minimum, just need to tweak our product line.  So for now I'd put a note here about this really being the bare minimum for even limited usage of Dappnode (i.e. only ARM64 ready packages.)

  </ul>

  If you intend to run a <b>Ethereum validator</b>, we recommend the following hardware specs:
  <ul>
    <li>A Wired Ethernet Connection</li>

>     <li>An NVMe drive (we recommend at least 1TB but more storage space will not hurt either)</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <li>An NVMe drive (we recommend at least 2TB but more storage space will not hurt either)</li>
```

  <div>
    <div>
  You can run the Dappnode platform on various machines ranging from mid-range hardware (such as older desktops) to high-end hardware (such as high performance servers).
  <br /><br />
  You can run Dappnode on Single-Board Computers, like the Raspberry Pi 4 8GB RAM. Keep in mind that not every package will be available and some packages might never sync entirely and that the minimum requirements below do not reflect such hardware.
  <br /><br />
  The resources you need will depend on how many and what kind packages you are going to run.
  <br /><br />
  The most <b>basic</b> hardware requirements you should meet are:
  <ul>
    <li>A Wired Ethernet Connection</li>
    <li>An NVMe drive (Size depends on amount of chains and packages - a good target is at least 1 TB)</li>
    <li>8GB of RAM (this will quickly become a limiting factor, it is recommended to go higher if possible)</li>
  </ul>

  If you intend to run a <b>Ethereum validator</b>, we recommend the following hardware specs:
  <ul>
    <li>A Wired Ethernet Connection</li>
    <li>An NVMe drive (we recommend at least 2TB but more storage space will not hurt either)</li>

>     <li>16GB of RAM</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <li>16GB of RAM (32 GB recommended for some future proofing, and ability to maintain backup clients)</li>
```
